This document contains the different things of note during development of the platform.







The wiring of the stepper motor:
The motor is a NEMA-17 6-wire motor, so each of the coils have a "common" wire.
Since there is no need for half-coil operation, only the full coil wires are wired, and the "common" wires are left unconnected.
See illustration of this at: https://knowledge.ni.com/servlet/rtaImage?eid=ka00Z0000011FiE&feoid=00N0Z00000HEWRt&refid=0EM0Z000000W6sL

To determine the correct wires, resistance was measured over every wire-pair, with the following results:

		Green 	Blue 	Yellow 		White 	 Black 	    Red
Green 	 S		 --	 	  40		 -- 	  80		--
Blue	 --		 S		  --		 40		  --		80
Yellow	 40		 --		  S			 --		  40		--
White    --		 40		  --		 S		  --		40
Black    80		 --		  40		 --       S         --
Red 	 --	     80		  --		 40		  --		S

With "S" indicating self, and "--" indicating infinite resistance.

From this, we see that the full coil pairs are: Black-Green and Blue-Red.
Thus, the white and yellow wires are the "common" ones, which will remain unconnected.


See schematic for wiring of motor-encoder-esp system.


CODE:
NOTE that the ESP can NOT be flashed or reset, when mounted in the experimental setup.

NOTICE that the system does not use INTERRUPTS. This is because the polling happens at a high enough rate, considering the slow rate of change of the lever.
If there was a lot going on on the arduino, a change to pin-change-interrupts on CHA_A_PIN and CHA_B_PIN would be necessary.

Perhaps could the dir-functionality be removed alltogether.

ENCODER ENCODING:
   AB
0: 00
1: 10
2: 11
3: 01

	POSSIBLE ISSUES:
		take_step delay too little for it to finish executing.
			SYMPTOMS: Motor does not stop at designation but goes past
			FIX:	  Increasing take_step() delay to the time it takes to finish a step.


ISSUES:
	ESP can not be flashed when mounted in experimental setup.
	ESP can not be button reset when mounted in experimenta setup.
		-The two are probably caused by a hardware fault. Possibly from a mechanical error in the breadboard. This has low impact on project, and no impact on functionality.

	
	
